Add shouldReload on ConsentManagerBuilder like optional attribute (#283)
segmentio/consent-manager: README.md

The domain the `tracking-preferences` cookie should be scoped to.

##### shouldReload

**Type**: `boolean`
**Default**: `true`

> Reload the page if the trackers have already been initialised so that the user's new preferences can take.affect.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Reload the page if the trackers have already been initialized so that the user's new preferences can take effect.
```
